(RAIN PATTERING)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(THUNDER CRASHING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(CAR APPROACHING)
(TORMENTED VOICES ECHOING)
Eight, eight, three, one.
(CELL PHONE VIBRATES)
(SIGHS)
(GRUNTS SOFTLY)
Eight, eight, three, one.
Okay.
Come on.
Eight, eight, three, one.
Motherfuck. Okay.
(EXHALES)
(CELL PHONE VIBRATES)
Go away.
Eight, three, three, one.
Okay.
Oh, you've gotta be
kidding me.
Oh. Come on.
(LINE RINGING)
(OVER VOICEMAIL)
Hi, you've reached
Bonnie Zane
with Greater Wayne
Property Management.
I can't come to
the phone right now.
Oh, you gotta be
fucking kidding me.
...but please leave a message,
and I'll call you right back.
(LINE BEEPS)
Hi. This is
Tess Marshall.
I'm in town.
I'm at the house on Barbary.
And I'm on the porch,
and it's pouring rain,
and there is no key
in the lockbox.
So, please, could you just
call me back on this number?
Thank you.
God damn it.
(EXHALES)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(GROANS)
(SIGHS)
(DOORBELL BUZZES)
Yeah?
I'm sorry,
who are you?
What?
Who are you?
(STUTTERS)
This is 476 Barbary,
right?
Yeah, no.
Yeah, yeah.
I think so.
You don't know?
No. I don't live here.
I'm renting this place.
It's the middle of the night.
I don't have it in
the top of my head,
the address.
No, I'm renting
this place.
What?
(THUNDERCLAP)
I... I'm renting this place.
I... I booked it
on Airbnb
like a month ago.
I booked it
on HomeAway.
You're fucking kidding.
Wait, wait.
Wait, are you sure
you have the right place?
Yeah, I...
Yeah, my email says
476 Barbary.
That's here, right?
And my code works
for the lockbox.
I'm supposed to
be in here.
(SIGHS)
(STUTTERS) Did you try
and call someone?
Yeah. No one answered.
And you're sure
you have the right date?
Look.
Yeah. I mean,
it looks right.
Fuck. This is unbelievable.
What am I
supposed to do?
I don't know.
Why don't you...
Why don't you come inside?
And we'll call
these idiots.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(TORMENTED VOICES YELL)
Uh, would you mind
if I...
Yeah?
I need to use
the bathroom.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Of course.
It's just
down the hall,
to your left.
Okay. I'll be right back.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(SIGHS)
Would you mind pulling up
your reservation confirmation,
just so I can see it?
In case I'm some kinda weirdo,
who's broken in here to sleep?
Yeah, yeah.
No, it's fine.
Let me just
find my phone.
(SIGHS)
(EXHALES)
Here.
(YELPS)
Jesus.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know
you were back.
I was just getting
my phone.
Sorry.
Here's... Here's the thing.
Right.
Yep. That looks
right to me.
Great.
Maybe I have
a different number
through HomeAway
than the one
that you called?
This is what I got.
303-5... 5...
303-509...
Yeah, that...
That's the same one.
Yeah. (CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Listen, I don't know
what the protocol
is for this.
Me neither.
BOTH: Um...
I guess I'll just
find somewhere else.
I mean...
Yep.
Guess I'm gonna do that.
Uh, I'll let you
get back to sleep.
I feel bad.
It's clearly not your fault.
What are you gonna do?
Just go drive around,
looking for a hotel?
I have my phone.
Make some calls.
In your car?
Yeah, I don't think
that's such a good idea.
I mean, I don't know
if you got a great look
at this neighborhood,
but it's not...
I don't think you
should be sitting out there
by yourself this late.
I mean,
I wouldn't do that.
Look, obviously,
do whatever you want,
but if you wanna
hang out in here,
where it's dry,
and there's
a lock on the door,
I'm totally fine with that.
Uh, here's
the Wi-Fi info...
Thanks.
...if you need it.
Oh, by the way,
I'm Keith.
Tess.
Tess. That's
a pretty name.
Thanks.
Do you want anything?
I think there's some tea
in the kitchen.
Um... Want some tea?
I'm okay. Thank you.
Okay.
Um... Oh, shit,
yeah. There's...
Somebody left out
a bottle of wine here.
With a ribbon on it,
like a housewarming thing.
And there's
some nuts here, too.
I'm just saying.
I'm okay.
Yeah. Yeah.
Okay, cool.
Um,
I'm gonna have
some tea.
I'll just
make you
a cup.
(CUPS CLINKING)
Hi. Hi, I was
just wondering,
do you have any
rooms available?
Yeah. For tonight,
that's right.
Really?
Okay, thanks.
Uh... Shit.
You know what
I just realized?
The water is heating up,
by the way.
You know what
I just realized?
What's that?
There's a convention in town.
What?
Yeah, there's, like,
some huge medical thing.
I don't think
you're gonna be able
to get a room tonight.
(SIGHS WEARILY)
I can't believe this.
(SIGHS)
All right.
Here's what I propose.
Why don't you
just crash here?
Oh, no. I don't...
I don't think that's...
No, no, no.
You take the bedroom,
and I'll sleep
out here on the couch.
And then tomorrow,
we'll call these idiots.
Get our money back.
Free stay for both of us.
(GROANS)
Really can't believe this.
I mean, I don't know
what else there is to do.
(SIGHS)
I can take the couch.
No, no, no.
Call me what you want,
but there's no way
I'm sleeping in the bedroom
while a young lady
is sleeping on the couch.
Blame it on my upbringing,
but it's not up
for discussion.
Well, no offense,
but I kinda have a thing
about clean sheets.
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
You really didn't
have to do that.
Not even
up for discussion.
Besides,
I have a raincoat
and you don't.
No, no, I got it.
Oh. No, no, no.
You sure? You sure?
I can... Yeah.
Okay.
(CAMERA CLICKING)
You left this
in the bedroom.
Oh, shit.
Thanks. Good eyes.
I'm gonna go wash up.
Yeah. Knock yourself out.
(WATER RUNNING)
Uh, hey.
Uh, the laundry's
still in the wash.
Um...
But I thought, well,
I'm wide awake, so...
So I, um...
It's gonna be a bit now.
I thought I'm gonna have
some of this here wine.
But I didn't wanna
open it
before you got
out of the shower
because I noticed
you didn't drink
your tea.
And, well,
I totally get that,
by the way.
I mean, you don't know me,
and this is a fucking
really weird situation.
It makes total sense.
Um, but I thought that
you might want some of this.
But if I opened it
while you weren't here,
that... that...
Fuck, I'm sorry.
I'm rambling.
Jesus Christ.
Um...
I thought
you wouldn't want any if
you didn't see me open it.
So, I waited.
I'm good,
but you go ahead.
You sure?
Yeah.
Okay. Um...
(KEITH CHUCKLES)
Um, it's...
I'd say you have about
an hour and change
till the bedding's done.
You gonna make it?
I looked around
for some clean ones,
but I couldn't find any.
What are you gonna do
on the couch?
Oh, I'll be fine. Yeah.
I've slept on worse.
I'm really sorry
about all this.
What,
are you kidding?
It's not your fault.
You're just as put out as me.
Do you want me to make you
another cup of tea?
No.
(BOTH LAUGH)
You can watch this time.
I'm okay.
So, um...
What brings you to town?
Job interview.
Oh, yeah?
Is it tomorrow?
Yeah.
What's the job about,
if you don't mind me asking?
Yeah. It's okay.
Um, it's a research position
for a documentary filmmaker.
Really? Who's the filmmaker?
Her name is
Catherine James.
Catherine James?
I don't know her.
Has she done anything
I'd seen?
Uh, she made a movie
about jazz last year,
called Blue Easy.
Oh, I saw that.
You saw Blue Easy?
I thought it was great.
Are you kidding?
No one's seen that movie.
About the makeshift
brass band?
And there's that scene
with the kids on the rooftop,
playing the Coltrane stuff?
Yeah, it's great.
I can't believe
you saw that.
I thought
it was awesome.
What's her new film
gonna be about?
Oh, it's gonna be about
this place. Detroit.
Like Detroit music?
Oh, well, it's gonna be
about the artists
that have come here
in the last ten years
and set up collectives
and creative communities
on the...
Well, the edge of...
Where the houses
are basically free.
That's pretty cool.
Do you know
who you should
interview for that?
Who?
Me.
Why is that?
Because I'm actually
one of the founders
of the Lion Tamers.
You're kidding.
No.
I mean,
I'm not, like, the guy,
but I'm one
of the guys, yeah.
That's insane.
It is insane.
(LAUGHS)
What are you doing
in an Airbnb?
Don't you guys, like, have
a whole block or something?
No, yeah.
No, we do.
But we're looking for
a new space.
So, I'm here
for a week,
basically just scouring
this side of town.
Looking for
our next little nest.
Oh, my God.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
KEITH: It's not a cliche
I've heard before.
TESS: Oh, come on.
It's such a cliche.
The guy who thinks
love and control
are the same thing.
And the girl
who lets herself become,
I don't know,
some kind of pet
or something?
Oh, my God.
It's so cliche
and it's so boring,
and I can't believe
it's happening to me.
Is it still happening?
I mean, look at you.
You already got
your new job
lined up.
Mmm. Job interview.
I don't have the job yet.
I'm not home free.
Look. There's always
gonna be people
that project some
kind of dynamic
onto us that serves them.
It's up to us if we wanna
play ball or not.
Is that my lesson?
I don't know. I don't know.
(CHUCKLES) I just need
to stop going back.
I keep going back.
Maybe that's it.
Or maybe my lesson is that
guys will walk all over you
as long as you let them.
Yeah. That's my lesson.
I take issue
with that statement.
Oh, yeah. That's 'cause
you're a guy.
(LAUGHS) I mean,
the world's
different for you.
Guys get to blast
their way through life
making messes.
Girls have to be careful.
Elaborate.
Okay. Take tonight.
If I had been the one
that checked in first
and you showed up
late at night...
What, you wouldn't
have let me in?
Hell no.
I wouldn't have let you in.
Do you think I'm crazy?
But if I was dumb enough
to let you in,
you wouldn't even think twice.
You would just march on in.
Hey, you just marched on in.
Yeah, because
I had to.
And it was scary.
What, do I look like
some kind of monster?
Not my point.
I get it.
I mean...
There's a lot of bad dudes
out there. And it sucks.
Look, are you
gonna stay locked
into some fucked-up
toxic dynamic
that somebody else
picked for you?
Or are you gonna
move on?
Maybe find someone else.
Even if that means
that you may get your heart
ripped outta your chest
all over again.
Hmm. Why is it
always the girls
who get their hearts
ripped out in these things?
Girls can rip.
Trust me.
Okay, so now that
it's inside out...
TESS: Right.
Right? That's
the first step.
Yeah?
KEITH: Then,
now you kind of go deep.
No.
You dive in.
(LAUGHS)
KEITH: Now, this...
Trust me. This is
the best way to do it.
No, you're fucking with me.
This is not how you do it.
KEITH:
This is how you do it.
This is the best way.
It never bunches up.
It gets completely smooth.
You'll thank me later
when you're lying
under a perfectly
even duvet, here.
So, if, but...
Looks so dumb.
KEITH: So, here...
Right?
Here is where I kinda
need your help a little bit.
Now that you're here...
Oh, my God.
...you have to be my
assistant.
Right.
KEITH: If you wouldn't mind,
grabbing the duvet...
Okay.
...and you kinda give me
the two edges
where my edges are...
Yeah, sure.
...where the two meet.
All right, thank you.
Okay. You got it?
Thank you very much.
So, back up 'cause now
it gets a little bit...
A little...
My God. (LAUGHS)
A little aggressive
with the thing.
TESS: Oh, my God.
But that is how
you get the duvet in.
(EXCLAIMS) So graceful.
That's how you do it.
Are you usually
this outta breath afterwards?
(PANTING) The final...
Grab that edge there, please.
Mmm-hmm.
KEITH: Okay, and...
Yeah, yeah.
Wow.
Okay. Well, you are
officially situated.
Yeah. I think
that about does it.
KEITH: Yeah. (LAUGHS)
Okay, thank you
for tonight.
Sorry for keeping you up
before the big day.
Oh, no.
It was fun. I...
I liked it.
Yeah. Me, too.
Okay, there's a couch
that needs to be...
Yeah. Yeah.
Put in gear here, so...
I'm so sorry.
Oh, don't be.
Don't be.
I can sleep
on anything.
Good night, Tess.
Good night, Keith.
(SIGHS)
(DOOR CREAKING)
(SCREECHING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(KEITH MOANING)
(KEITH WHIMPERING)
Keith?
(KEITH YELPS)
(KEITH GRUNTS)
Keith?
(KEITH WHIMPERING)
(DOOR CREAKING)
KEITH: (SOFTLY) Help me.
(KEITH CONTINUES WHIMPERING)
(SOFTLY) No. No.
Keith?
(BOTH SCREAMING)
The fuck!
Oh, I'm so sorry.
(STAMMERING)
What are you doing?
Uh, I... Um...
My door was open.
And I didn't open it,
and I...
You...
And I didn't know
if you were up,
and you were, like,
making noises and...
I was making noise?
I'm so...
I'm so sorry.
I'm just gonna...
I'm gonna let you
go to sleep.
You scared the shit
out of me.
Did you open
my door?
No!
Yeah.
(SIGHS)
(GROANS) Oh, God.
(GRUNTS)
Shit.
Keith?
(FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
WOMAN: Tess?
TESS: Oh.
Hi, Catherine!
Hi!
So nice to meet you!
Nice to meet you, too.
Thanks for
making the trip
all the way out here.
Yeah.
(INAUDIBLE)
So, where are you staying
while you're in town?
Oh, an Airbnb.
Oh, that's nice.
Whereabouts?
Uh, it's in Brightmoor.
You know where that is?
What?
Yeah.
You know it?
(CHUCKLES) Are you kidding?
Well, I mean...
It seems
a little rough, but...
No, you shouldn't
be there.
What do you mean?
That's not...
An Airbnb
in Brightmoor?
Yeah, I mean,
like...
It's a cute little house,
but...
Yeah, I suppose
the neighborhood
is a little...
Tess.
Well, I did try
and find somewhere else,
but there's, like,
a convention in town
or something?
And I have a roommate, so...
It's a little complicated.
I guess.
Okay, well,
just be careful, okay?
Seriously.
I will.
I'm... I'm tough.
Good. Well...
It was really nice
to meet you.
Yeah!
No, I'm excited.
I'm gonna call you
tomorrow, okay?
This is gonna be great.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(ENGINE STOPS)
MAN: (YELLING) Hey!
Hey, little girl!
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Hey!
Come here!
Hey, little girl!
Come out that house!
Go away!
(PANTING)
Yes!
I don't know what...
I can't see him anymore.
FEMALE OPERATOR:
(ON PHONE) He left?
TESS: I don't know!
Can you just
send someone, please?
We don't have
any available units
at the moment.
What? So nobody's coming?
Ma'am, calm down.
As I said, we don't have
any available units at this...
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(EXHALES)
(SIGHS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(SWITCH CLICKS)
(DOOR CREAKING)
(DOORKNOB RATTLING)
Shit.
(SIGHS)
Fuck.
(OBJECTS RATTLING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(DOOR CREAKING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(MYSTERIOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
Nope.
(SIGHS)
(EERIE MUSIC PLAYING)
(SIGHS SOFTLY)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(SWITCH CLICKS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
(SHRIEKS)
Keith!
(LAUGHS) What the fuck!
TESS: I'm...
I'm stuck down here.
Uh, do you
have the key?
It's here,
but I can't open this!
KEITH: All right.
TESS: Right here.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Okay, you pull
and I push.
Okay.
KEITH: One, two, three.
(WINDOW CREAKING)
TESS: Okay.
Are you okay?
We need to go now!
What are you talking about?
Why were you in the basement?
I got locked in the basement,
and then there was
this hidden area!
There was this room!
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
There's a hidden room?
There is something bad
going on here!
Tess! Tess!
Relax! Relax.
You're okay,
you're safe.
You're safe,
all right?
You're safe.
Okay.
I don't...
I don't think I am.
What's down there?
What did you see?
Okay...
I was in the basement.
And then I found
this hidden passageway.
And there was this room,
and it was like a...
Like a dungeon.
Like a dungeon?
What was in there?
There was a bed...
Okay.
...and a camera,
and a bucket.
All right. Uh,
so, there's a bed
and a...
What, a bucket
and a camera?
Yeah.
I'm just gonna go look.
No, no, no, please don't!
There was, like,
a handprint on the wall.
Tess, calm down, calm down.
You're not making
any sense, okay?
So, there's a room downstairs
with a bed and a bucket in it?
It's a basement.
It's filled with junk, okay?
It doesn't sound that weird.
If you wanna go and look,
suit yourself but I'm going!
Right now?
Yes.
All right, Tess,
no, no, no.
Stop, stop, stop!
Just stop, stop!
Move!
Just stop!
Can you give me
a moment, please?
Can you just give me a moment?
Twenty seconds?
Okay, I'm sorry if I don't
seem like I'm taking
whatever it is
that you saw seriously.
I just... I didn't see it.
Okay?
And I can't just be
running off in a panic
because there's
a room downstairs
with a bed and a bucket!
Tess? No, Tess!
Tess, wait, I'm sorry!
I just...
I just want to see it.
You don't even have to come
with me if you don't want to.
I'm not going back down there.
That's fine.
Can you just...
Can you just wait up here
in case I get
locked inside, too?
Can you?
I'll wait.
(SIGHS IN RELIEF)
Just 30 seconds, okay?
Just wait here.
(KEITH EXHALES)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Do you see it?
KEITH: Yeah.
TESS: Okay, well,
come back up now.
Keith?
(DOOR CREAKING)
Keith!
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING)
Keith?
(DOOR CREAKING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Keith?
KEITH: (FAINTLY) Tess!
Keith!
KEITH: (FAINTLY) Help!
(WHIMPERING)
Come up here, Keith!
KEITH: (FAINTLY) Help me!
Please!
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
Keith!
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
KEITH: (FAINTLY) Hey!
(GATE RATTLES)
(TESS WHIMPERING)
(EERIE MUSIC PLAYING)
(WHIMPERING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Keith!
Answer me, Keith!
(RUSTLING)
(EXCLAIMS)
KEITH: Tess...
Keith! Keith! Keith!
Why did you come
down here?
Someone else is down here.
No, why?
Why did you come down here?
There's someone...
(WHISPERING) Someone else
is down here.
What?
Someone bit me.
Okay. Okay.
We need to go.
We need to get
out of here!
No, don't go near there.
That's where they were!
No, that's the way out!
Come back this way.
No, please, stop it!
Come this way!
Stop it!
We have to
come this way!
Let go off me!
We have to
come this way!
That's the way out!
Someone's down...
Please stop!
I'm not going back there!
I'm not going...
(SCREAMING)
(THUDDING)
(FLESH SQUELCHES)
(CREATURE GRUNTING)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(BODY THUDS)
(SCREECHING)
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING
ON CAR STEREO)
** Better get into
what you gotta get into
** Better get into it now
No slacking, please
** United Nations
ain't really united
** And the organizations
** Ain't really organized
** Rikki-tikki-tavi mongoose
is gone
** Everybody who read
The Jungle Book
** Will know that
Rikki-tikki-tavi's a mongoose
who kills snakes
** When I was a young man
** I was led to believe
there were organizations
** That would kill my snakes
for me
** I.e. the church
** I.e. the government
** I.e. school
** But when I got
a little older
** I learned I had to
kill 'em myself **
(PHONE RINGING)
Yello!
WOMAN: (ON PHONE)
Hey, AJ.
I have David Stern
and Melissa Herberts
for you.
Love it.
Guys, you're on
with AJ.
Yo, what's up?
MELISSA: Hi, AJ.
DAVID: Hey, AJ.
Uh, we need
to discuss something
that's just
come through.
Cool. What's up?
MELISSA: So this is a bit
of an awkward conversation,
but there's been
a troubling development.
Okay, what?
MELISSA: Apparently,
Megan Maddox has contacted
the network
through her lawyer
and she's made
a very serious accusation
against you.
Really?
What'd she say?
She's claimed
that you were
sexually aggressive
during the filming
of the pilot,
and she no longer wants
to move forward
if you're involved.
She... What?
The network
is taking this
very seriously.
What does that mean?
That means that at this time,
they're gonna start
an investigation.
Wait, wait, wait.
What about the pilot?
Hold on. Wait a minute.
This is crazy.
So, are we not
picked up anymore?
Well, like I said,
they're going to conduct
an investigation, and then
decide how to proceed.
An investigation?
DAVID: AJ, I think, honestly,
the most likely outcome
of all of this
is that even if the show
does go forward...
Yeah?
...it's very unlikely
that you will be involved.
MELISSA: No.
I'm fired?
DAVID: I think,
essentially, that's
the most likely outcome.
That fuckin' bitch.
Oh, my God.
Wait a minute, you guys.
Wait, wait, wait.
This is totally
blown out of proportion.
MELISSA: Okay, I think
it's important to say
that it's not
in your best interest
to go into details
on this call.
The fuck
does that mean, Melissa?
DAVID: Okay, AJ, I think
you just need to calm down,
honestly, buddy.
You can just relax.
This can't be real.
Just like that, I'm out?
Are you fucking kidding?
I was the first
to be attached to that!
She came on after me!
DAVID: Okay, I...
I recommended her.
DAVID: AJ, I think, honestly,
you just need to calm down.
MELISSA: David, I think
we should tell him
the other thing.
DAVID: No, I think right now
he just needs to cool down...
What other?
DAVID: It's not important, AJ.
You just have to relax.
No, no, no, fuck that.
What other? What else?
MELISSA: There is gonna be
a story tomorrow
in the Hollywood Reporter
about this.
About what? About me?
Are you kidding?
MELISSA: The allegations
are very serious.
Yo... (SCOFFS)
What's she saying I did?
Is she saying I raped her
or something?
DAVID: AJ, why don't you
just calm down, okay?
No. What the fuck
is she saying?
MELISSA: Yes.
She's saying
that you raped her.
DAVID: AJ, are you there?
I gotta call you back.
(SEAGULLS SCREECHING)
MAN: (SIGHING) So,
let's assume
that the income we have
for the year
is what we're gonna have
at year's end.
No new money
coming in.
I think that's
pretty safe to say.
What do you anticipate
your legal expenses to be?
So, I talked it over
with my lawyer,
and, um, we're looking at
two separate cases here.
There's the defense
against the charge,
which is 100% not true,
by the way.
So, there's that, and then
there's the countersuit
for defamation,
which I'm 100% gonna win.
I'm gonna ruin
this fuckin' bitch.
How much?
They said it's
probably gonna be,
like, around 70,000 each.
So, 140,000.
What does that
do to me?
Well, with your current
rate of spending,
that's gonna put you
at zero in...
Three months.
Oh, fuck me.
(LAUGHS) Oh, my God.
You've got some
small income from
your Michigan properties...
But it's your mortgage here
that's killing you.
Are you saying
I have to sell my house?
I'm saying you're gonna have
to make some tough choices.
I could sell
the Michigan properties.
Some of those
make money, right?
Yeah, but some don't.
You could sell those.
Buy yourself some time.
But no more than
a couple of months.
Those aren't exactly
hot properties.
I can't fuckin' believe this.
This is nuts.
Listen, AJ,
I gotta tell ya.
What?
At the end of this week,
I'm gonna give you
your files back.
Cool. What's that mean?
I'm going to suggest
that you find alternate
wealth management.
(CHUCKLES)
Oh, my God.
You're dropping me, too?
(INDISTINCT PA ANNOUNCEMENT)
Oh, fuck me.
(SIGHS) Fuck.
It's AJ Gilbride for Robert.
Gilbride. Thank you.
Robert, hey.
You see the article?
Oh, it's out.
Yeah, insane.
Feel like I'm sittin'
on the sideline,
just watching this thing
spiral out of control.
Robert, hang on.
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm just gonna put you
on speaker.
Getting in a rental.
Hold on.
You hear me?
ROBERT: (ON PHONE)
I hear you.
Uh, I was just saying,
if I could just have,
like, a conversation
with her,
I could probably nip
this whole thing in the bud.
Absolutely not.
Under no circumstances
are you to contact her.
(SCOFFS)
If I just call her
and just be like...
Listen to me.
There's zero chance,
at this point,
that you calling her
is gonna bring about
anything but more
problems for you.
Do you hear me?
Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm.
Any communication
goes through us
from now on...
Wait, I'm sorry.
What do you mean
you're getting into
the rental? What rental?
Uh, I'm in Detroit.
I rented a car.
You're in Detroit,
Michigan?
Yeah. What?
AJ, you aren't supposed
to leave the state.
(SCOFFS) Why not?
I'm not under arrest.
I'm allowed to travel.
This is not advisable.
You really need
to be here
in case there are
developments.
"Developments?"
You think they're gonna
arrest me?
I think that is
a very distinct possibility.
I think that flying off
to another state
is not a good look
right now.
Well, Robert,
I don't know
how to say this,
but, um, unless you plan
on taking me on pro bono,
uh, I'm gonna have to
scrape up some money.
You know,
I'm not here
on the lam.
on vacation.
I'm here to do some
fucking liquidating.
(AJ CLEARS THROAT)
May I help you?
Yeah, I'm an owner.
I'm here to pick up
a set of keys.
Name?
AJ Gilbride.
Oh, yeah.
Bonnie said
you'd be coming.
Um...
476 Barbary.
Fuck.
(CAR LOCKS)
(SIGHS)
The fuck?
Fucking shit is this?
(URINATING)
The fuck, dude?
Hello?
BONNIE: (ON PHONE)
Greater Wayne
Property Management.
Hey. Yeah, yeah.
Bonnie, it's AJ.
AJ?
Gilbride from...
Oh, AJ. Hi.
Right. Um...
Is someone staying here
at the moment?
I don't think so.
Well, someone's here.
There's a suitcase,
and clothes, and shit.
Yeah, no.
People are
staying here.
I don't... I mean...
We haven't rented it out
in a couple of weeks.
Well, do we know when
the last tenants checked out?
Do I have squatters? This...
I mean, are you saying
that no one's come by
to look at this place
since the last tenants?
Like, no maid or anything?
The maids come
to prep the houses
before the arrival
of the next tenants.
No new renters,
no maid service.
That's nuts.
What if somebody
trashed the place?
How... How would I know?
Is the place trashed?
No, Bonnie.
The place isn't trashed.
That's not the point.
The point is it's...
What kind of system is that?
It's fucking idiotic.
I also don't know
why you're so calm.
Have a nice day.
So, who the fuck
is staying in my house?
Hello?
Dude.
WOMAN: (ON PHONE)
AJ, I can't hear you.
It sounds like
you're in a racecar.
AJ: I'm washing
my face.
What?
I'm washing
my face.
Well, could you stop,
please?
Happy?
Of course
I'm not happy.
I don't know what
to tell people.
What do you want
us to say?
I don't know, Mom.
Just say she's
a lying fuckin' bitch.
Oh, don't talk...
Don't talk like that.
What? She is.
That's not nice.
"Nice," really?
Ruining my career
and reputation
isn't "nice," either.
I think I'm well within
my rights to call her
a "fuckin' bitch."
I know, sweetie.
I know you
wouldn't do
those things.
When are you
coming back home?
It's only
a four-hour flight
to Detroit.
You father and I
want to see you.
Really?
Dad wants
to see me?
Did he say that?
Oh, you know
how he is.
He's just...
He's upset.
(CELL PHONE VIBRATES)
Mom, I gotta go.
I'm getting
an important work call.
Okay, baby. I love...
(LINE DISCONNECTS)
What up, faggot?
Guess who's back in town.
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
Could we just, like,
real-talk
for a moment,
though?
Could we real-talk?
Fuck, yeah, dude.
Okay, like, just,
what the fuck
actually did happen
with you guys?
No, dude. I'm saying,
like, you're my boy,
obviously.
I'm gonna believe
whatever you tell me.
Right, right.
I gotta hear you say it.
No, I know, I know.
I feel you.
'Cause I read the website.
I know what
the fuckin' Internet says,
but, like,
man-to-man,
real-talk,
what the fuck
actually happened?
Dude, I'll be real
with you, okay?
That's all
I'm asking for.
Yo, yo, let me be...
That's the only
thing I'm asking.
Let me be real with you.
We fucked.
We did fuck. Okay?
Right.
She just took
some convincing,
is all. That's it.
Okay, but what the fuck
does that mean, though?
Like, I mean,
was she like...
Did she say no?
Was she like,
"No, stop?"
I mean, at first.
But, like,
I wasn't like...
"Come here, bitch.
I'm gonna rape you."
Right.
It was like, in the beginning,
she was like,
"No..." Whatever.
But, like...
Then we started
foolin' around more,
and then she was down.
Like fuckin'
really down.
Right.
I'm a persistent
dude, right?
I'm like fuckin'
Eye of the Tiger.
Yeah. Right.
You know?
And she came around,
and that's it.
That's what happened,
straight up.
(DOOR UNLOCKING)
(LINE RINGING)
(OVER VOICEMAIL)
Hi, this is Megan.
Please leave a message.
(LINE BEEPS)
Hi, Megan.
This is AJ. Uh...
I'm guessing you probably
don't wanna talk to me
but I, um...
I just wanna say
I'm really, really sorry
if I did anything that night
that might've like...
Offended you or... (SIGHS)
'Cause you know,
people can have
different versions
of the same thing.
And... I'm actually not even
mad at you about it.
And I hope you're not mad
at me, 'cause I really...
I really am sorry.
And if you call me back,
I'll apologize to you again.
So...
Please call me back,
and I'll apologize
to you again.
Okay.
(GROANS)
(VOMITING)
(SIGHS)
(TOILET FLUSHES)
Oh, shit.
Who the fuck are you?
Oh, yes.
Okay.
"Tess."
All right.
Fuck.
(GRUNTS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Hello?
Fuck.
Somebody here?
Hello?
(THUDS)
Okay, here's the deal.
I have a gun.
And I'm gonna come
down there and just
open up on whoever I see
in about 30 seconds.
All right?
Or you can just
come up here now,
and I'll let you go.
I'm not fuckin' around!
Who's down there?
(SCOFFS)
Squat in my fuckin' house?
Huh? Hide in my basement?
I'm a fuckin' man.
I'll fuck you up.
Yes.
Last chance!
All right, bitch.
Get ready to get fucked.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
What the fuck?
(LOUD THUD)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC BUILDS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC STOPS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC CONTINUES)
Oh, my God.
"Can underground rooms
be listed as square footage
"when selling home?"
Uh, "as for rooms in the house
that aren't finished,
"like basements or attics
they should not be included
"in the total
square footage." Fuck.
"Below-grade spaces,
basements, dens, etc.,
"do not usually count."
Okay, "usually."
"Even a finished basement
can't be counted
"toward the home's
gross living area, GLA,
"but it can be
noted separately
"in the listing's total area."
Oh, hell, yeah.
Yeah, bitch.
Okay.
(GRUNTS)
All right.
This comes in at 9 by 12.
Oh, gross.
Ten by 12, that's 120.
Three by 9, that's...
(DOOR THUDS)
Shit.
(DOOR CREAKING)
Oh, shit.
Yeah. Nice and easy.
Okay.
Oh, baby.
(LAUGHS) Oh, my God.
Nine feet.
Oh, my God.
(LAUGHS)
Jesus.
Yo, yo! Anyone here?
Okay.
(CHUCKLES)
What the fuck is this?
Okay.
Yeah.
Here we go.
Oh, boy. (CHUCKLES)
Well...
(CHUCKLES)
Ten... 10 feet. Oh, my God.
What the fuck?
Uh... Hello?
Hello?
WOMAN: (ON RECORDING)
...by looking for indicators.
I like to let
my baby determine
how long he likes to nurse.
Oh, God.
It's important
that this process is relaxing.
Not just for the baby,
but for me as well.
What the fuck?
This is a...
(MEASURING TAPE RATTLING)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Hey!
(KNIFE CLATTERS)
Shit! Shit!
Who's there?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(EERIE MUSIC PLAYING)
Oh, shit!
Oh, shit.
Okay. Please. Oh, please.
Fuck! Come on. Not again.
Oh, shit!
(CREATURE GROWLS)
(YELLS)
(GRUNTS)
Fuck. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck.
(WHIMPERS)
Shh! Shh!
(SOFT MUSIC PLAYING)
(BICYCLE BELL DINGS)
(CHILDREN LAUGHING)
(ENGINE STARTS)
MAN 1: (ON RADIO)
Chief of Staff James Baker
says that
the Reagan administration
has inherited
the worst economy
in 50 years.
This is Craig Tolliver,
NTWN News.
WOMAN: (ON RADIO)
Getting your kids to love
brushing their teeth
is important,
but it's not easy.
And there's so many
name brands to choose from.
But how do you know which ones
aren't motivated...
MAN: (OVER PA SYSTEM)
Manager to checkout four
for price check.
You findin'
everything okay?
Plastic sheets?
We have some on seven.
Diapers and baby stuff?
Infant needs are this way.
Come on, I'll take you.
So, how old's
your little one?
Not here yet.
Oh, well, this is
an exciting time.
Gonna take her
to Mercy
for the big day?
Home birth.
Bless your hearts.
Plastic sheets.
What else do you need?
You've got
a midwife, right?
She should've
given you a list.
No, it's just me.
Oh, my word.
Diapers.
You are gonna
want these.
The other ones,
too big.
Do you have
latex gloves?
Yeah, I think,
maybe.
Here.
Ah.
Now, some wet wipes.
MAN 2: (ON RADIO)
...six-point-nine
is Detroit's
number one
rock 'n' roll destination.
Playing you
the greatest songs
of today.
Feel what radio
was meant to be.
The ultimate
musical experience
is now.
106.9, Detroit's home
of the rock.
MAN 3: (ON RADIO) Are you
in the market for a used car
but don't have
good credit?
Detroit's number one
used car emporium,
Martindale Motors,
is here for you.
Bad credit or no credit,
Martindale Motors
will make sure
you walk out of our lot
with a new set of wheels
and we won't bend you
over a barrel.
Martindale Motors
is the Motor City's
number one
used car dealership for...
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
DWP, ma'am.
Sorry to bother.
No bother.
We've got some outages
in the neighborhood
and I'm just checking
to make sure
everything's up to par.
(WATER RUNNING)
(LOCK CLICKS)
Thank you
for your time, ma'am.
Sorry for the intrusion.
So, everything's
okay, then?
Looks fine to me,
but do give us a call
if you get any issues.
Of course.
Thank you.
You have a nice day now.
Hey, Frank.
How goes it, buddy?
Doug.
Listen, pal. I, uh...
I just wanted
to tell you before
you saw it for yourself,
but, uh, there's gonna be
a sign in our yard
tomorrow morning.
Sign?
A "For Sale" sign.
We're movin', Frank. Yeah.
I hate to do it.
You know?
But the wife thinks
if we don't do it now
we may not be able
to get out
this time next year
'cause, you know,
neighborhood's goin'
to hell, Frank.
You, uh...
You plan on stayin'?
I'm not goin' anywhere.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC CONTINUES)
(DISTANT SCREAMING)
Okay. Who knows
you're here?
Where the fuck are we?
Does anyone know you're here?
No, no.
Where the fuck are we?
I don't know.
I gotta get outta here.
This is very, very important.
You need to stay calm.
You cannot freak out
around her, okay? Trust me.
Okay?
I don't wanna be here.
Do you think
I wanna fucking be here?
(CREATURE GRUNTS)
Okay.
You cannot get upset.
If you get upset,
she gets upset.
"She?" Who's "she?"
(METAL CREAKING)
What the fuck is that?
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
What?
Drink it.
Just fucking drink it.
What the fuck?
(CREATURE GRUNTS)
(GROANING)
Do it.
Drink it.
Just drink it! Get up!
Don't you see?
She just wants you
to be her baby.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(CREATURE GRUNTS)
(METAL GRATE OPENING)
Oh, fuck.
(TESS BREATHING HEAVILY)
(CREATURE MOANS)
CREATURE: Baby.
(EXCLAIMS)
(GROWLS)
(BABBLES INCOHERENTLY)
(BABBLING CONTINUES)
Oh, God!
(CREATURE GRUNTS)
Help me! Please!
Fuck!
Wait, wait. No. Wait.
(AJ GRUNTING)
WOMAN: (ON RECORDING)
A healthy baby
will generally need to...
No! No.
(GRUNTS AND WHIMPERS)
Fuck! No!
This is perfectly natural.
CREATURE: Boop.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GRUNTS)
Okay. Okay.
(BREATHING DEEPLY)
(GRUNTS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Oh, God.
WOMAN: (ON RECORDING)
It can soon become
a pleasurable experience
for the baby,
and for you as well.
A little practice,
you'll find...
(AJ SCREAMING IN DISTANCE)
AJ: Oh, fuck you!
WOMAN: (ON RECORDING)
You can anticipate
when it may be
getting hungry...
(AJ STRUGGLING)
AJ: Oh, God. Fuck!
This is a time
for us to bond.
To share this tender,
intimate moment.
(CREATURE BABBLING)
(AJ COUGHING)
Your little one knows
how much they need
more than you do.
(AJ CHOKING)
Don't worry if feeding
only lasts...
No!
(MEASURING TAPE RATTLES)
(CREATURE GRUNTS)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(PANTING)
No! No! No!
Oh, come on!
Oh, please!
Okay! Okay! Okay!
(CREATURE SCREAMS)
(TESS GRUNTING)
(GRUNTS)
(BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY)
TESS: There's someone else
in there.
MAN: You're free now. Come on.
There's someone else
in there.
I know it. I know
she's in there.
No, no, no. She has
someone else in there.
We have to help him.
(FLY BUZZES)
(AJ COUGHS)
You wanna go back in there?
Ain't no helping him.
(PANTING)
We can't leave him.
You listen to me now.
You're safe.
You got out.
You should count yourself
as lucky, you hear?
You shoulda never went in
that house to begin with.
That's a bad place.
And she ain't even
the worst thing
that's in there.
Listen, you need
to worry about you.
Now, I stay
by the water tower.
It's safe.
Come on.
Wait, wait, wait!
No, no!
We can't leave him.
We have to call the police.
I ain't got no phone.
She will kill him!
I need to help him!
And how you
gonna do that?
Come nighttime,
she's gonna come
outta there,
and she's gonna come
lookin' for you.
She comes out at night.
So, if you wanna get goin',
then go.
But don't you come back.
And don't you be around here
when it gets dark.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(DISTANT SCREAMING)
(GASPS)
Fuck! Fuck!
(CREATURE GROWLING
IN DISTANCE)
(AJ MUMBLES)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(RADIO PLAYING)
Do you have a phone?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(COUNTRY MUSIC PLAYING
ON RADIO)
Fuck.
(CAN RATTLES)
(CRUNCHING)
(AJ GRUNTS)
Jesus Christ.
Oh, my God.
(MAN COUGHS)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYS, FADES)
Oh, fuck. Okay. Okay.
(COUGHS)
Jesus Christ, man.
You scared
the shit outta me.
You okay?
Oh, my God.
Hey! Hey! Oh, my God.
Officers, thank God!
Ma'am.
Take your hand
off the door, please.
There is a man
that is being held
in a...
Ma'am, take your hand
off the door.
Are you the one
that called us?
Yeah. I have been
held prisoner for...
I don't even know how long,
at a house near...
(POLICE RADIO CHATTER, STATIC)
This is 72, go.
OFFICER: (ON RADIO)
We have a situation
at the Center Board.
Copy that.
Give me 10.
You have any ID?
No.
Are you listening
to what I'm saying?
I have been held prisoner.
So, you don't have ID?
I don't have anything!
I am not a crackhead.
I am not a crazy person.
I am a woman
who's been held prisoner
and has escaped.
And I'm telling you
that there is a man
in serious danger.
(COUGHS)
What do you want?
You want something?
Over there.
You want...
(COUGHS)
Okay, okay. Okay.
Um...
(COUGHING CONTINUES)
Water?
Water.
Okay, yeah?
Good.
(EXHALES)
Fuck.
Listen, man. We're gonna...
We're gonna
get out of here. Okay?
I mean, I'm gonna
get outta here.
I'm gonna get out,
and I'm gonna get help.
Gonna let everybody know
what's goin' on down here.
That fuckin' thing
is gonna pay for what it did.
Don't worry, okay?
There are gonna be
fucking cops
swarmin' this place
real fuckin' soon.
Trust me, man.
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
What do you want?
You want somethin' else?
I don't know
what you're sayin'.
What are you saying?
What do you want?
Well, this is trash.
I don't know
what you want.
Man, you know what?
Okay. How's that?
Yeah.
This right here, okay?
I don't know
what you're saying.
Where's my goddamn phone?
TESS: You're... You're gonna
have to get this open.
Ma'am.
If you don't have keys,
you don't live here.
We're not goin' in.
But just break it down.
There's someone trapped
in there.
Come on!
Hey, hey.
What are you doin'?
Get away from there.
Get down here.
Can you...
Can you hear
what I'm saying?
This is a crime scene.
She has killed a man already,
and there could be
someone down there
getting murdered right now.
Ma'am, there's no one
in this building.
No one's being murdered.
And the only crime
that I've seen so far
is you breaking this window.
(SCOFFS) What am I
supposed to say to get you
to listen to me?
Seriously, what the fuck?
OFFICER 2: Hey, Matt?
We got shots fired
on Midland.
Wait, wait. Wait.
Are you motherfuckers
leaving?
Hey!
I've had enough of you.
You're lucky we don't
bring you downtown
to sleep this off in jail.
Sleep this off?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Joey, let's move.
TESS: Wh... Where are
you going?
(ENGINE STARTS)
Where...
Where are you going?
Come on, please...
Please, please,
don't go! Just...
Come on!
I need your help, please!
Hey!
Oh, fuck.
(GLASS BREAKING)
(WOMAN SCREAMING ON VIDEO)
(VIDEO STOPS)
What is wrong with you?
The fuck is wrong with you?
Hey!
Hey, I'm talking
to you, you fuck!
Hey. Hey, hey,
hey, okay.
(CAR BEEPS)
(ENGINE RUMBLING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
No. No, no, no,
wait! Wait!
(GUNSHOT)
(MUFFLED GASP)
(ROARS)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(ENGINE SPUTTERING)
(GRUNTING)
(ROARS)
(CREATURE MOANS)
(GROANS)
(WHIMPERS)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING)
(DOOR SLAMS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SMACKING FLASHLIGHT) Come on.
Hello...
(GUNSHOT)
(BODY THUDS)
AJ: Oh, fuck.
Oh, my God.
Oh, fuck.
I'm so sorry.
Hey. Hey,
can you... Okay.
Okay. I'm so sorry.
Come on. We gotta get you
outta here. Come on.
(SCREAMS IN PAIN)
I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Okay, come on.
Looks like your car
is fucked.
She's not there.
What?
(PANTING)
She's gone!
What do you mean she's gone?
Where the fuck is she?
(WINCING IN PAIN)
I don't know.
What? What are we
gonna do?
Do you...
You don't have
a car?
Yeah, it's right here,
but the keys are
in the tunnel.
I'm not goin' back
in that shit!
Okay. I know.
I know where to go.
Where... Okay.
Oh, fuck.
Okay.
How you holdin' up?
I'm okay.
Okay. I think
we're almost there.
AJ: Okay.
Wait, what is this place?
He's gotta be here
somewhere.
Who?
ANDRE: Hey!
(AJ GASPS)
Come here.
(TESS GROANS)
Come on, man.
AJ: Come here. Okay.
ANDRE: Right here.
Okay.
ANDRE: So,
what happened there?
Do you have any clean cloth
or bandages or anything?
ANDRE: Ain't much clean
in here.
I can't believe
she let you get this far.
What the fuck is she?
She's just a crazy lady
livin' in that house.
Since when?
She's been living there
some 40 years now.
She was born there.
What are you
talking about?
I own that house.
Nobody lives there.
Boy, you might own that paper,
but that's her daddy's house.
And he ain't never
left there, and she
never left there neither.
He used to
bring women
down there.
And then he started
making babies with 'em.
And babies
with the babies.
And you make a copy
of a copy of a copy,
and you end up
with something
like that.
She got you real good.
I did that.
It was an accident.
Doesn't matter.
We gotta get you help.
Which way
to get her help, huh?
Y'all need to just sit
right here and wait.
I... I can't do that.
This is my fault.
It don't matter
whose fault it is.
AJ: It does!
I hurt somebody!
(SNIFFLES) That matters.
I don't know
if I'm a bad person.
But I might be.
I might be a bad person.
Or maybe I'm... I'm
a good person
who just did a bad thing.
I can't... I can't change
what I've done.
I can just try and fix it.
And that's what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna fix it.
ANDRE: You ain't gonna
do nobody no help
if you go out there
and get yourself killed.
Now, right here, we're safe.
And she's gonna make it
through the night.
Come morning time,
then we can worry
about takin' her to town.
How do you know
she can't get in here?
Shit. I've been livin'
in this place
more than 15 years,
and she ain't never came
in this motherfucker.
(WALL CRASHES)
(CREATURE SCREAMS)
(ANDRE CHOKING)
(GROWLING)
(SCREAMS)
AJ: Shit! Oh, shit!
(GRUNTING)
Shit, shit, shit!
(PANTING)
Can't get over
the fuckin' barbed wire.
(CREATURE SCREAMS)
(CREATURE ROARS)
(TESS PANTING)
Wait for me!
Fucking come on!
(TESS WHIMPERING)
(CONTINUES WHIMPERING)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Your gun!
Oh.
Fuck!
There's nowhere to go.
There's nowhere to fucking go!
(GROANS AND WHIMPERS)
She wants us,
she's gonna get us.
She's never gonna stop.
(SOBBING)
I can get away.
But you're gonna
have to slow her down.
Hey!
Don't.
(SNARLS)
Come get your baby!
(GASPS)
(SOLEMN MUSIC PLAYING)
(BREATH TREMBLING)
(AJ BREATHING HEAVILY)
Oh, fuck.
Oh, my God.
Are you okay?
I'm so sorry.
I had no choice,
you know?
She was gonna
kill us both, and...
I had no time to think.
I fuckin' panicked.
I didn't... I didn't
even let go.
You started to slip.
There was nothin' I could do.
You get it, right? Okay.
You're... You're gonna be
okay. I gotcha.
I'm saving you.
Yeah, you're okay.
(HISSES)
(CHOKING)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(AJ SCREAMING)
(FLESH SQUELCHES)
(BLOOD SPLATTERS)
(BODY THUDS)
(BABBLES)
(BABBLING CONTINUES)
(WHIMPERS, BABBLES)
Ba-ba.
(TESS YELPS IN PAIN)
I can't.
(BABBLES)
I can't go back.
Ba!
(TESS EXCLAIMS IN PAIN)
(KISSES)
Baby.
(GUNSHOT)
(UPBEAT TRADITIONAL
POP MUSIC PLAYING)
(INSTRUMENTAL BREAK)
(UPBEAT TRADITIONAL
POP MUSIC FADES)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC FADES)